honorable United States all right - to
give their attention for the court is
now sitting god save the United States
and this honorable Court we'll hear
argument this morning in case 1946 the
United States Patent and Trademark
Office versus booking.com ms Ross mr.
Chief Justice and may it please the
court it is a fundamental principle of
trademark law that no party can obtain a
trademark for a generic term like wine
cotton or green as judge friendly
explained and as the Lanham Act confirms
a generic term is never entitled to
trademark protection no matter how much
money and effort the user has poured
into promoting the sale of its
merchandise and what success it has
achieved in securing public
identification in other words secondary
meaning or acquired distinctiveness is
simply irrelevant to generic terms that
principle controls here it is undisputed
that booking is generic for the hotel
reservation services respondent provides
respondent could not federally register
booking nor could respondent register
booking company or booking Inc in
Goodyear this Court held that the mere
addition of an entity designation like
company or Inc to an unprotected aisle
term does not create a protectable mark
that is because those terms indicate
only that parties have formed an
association or partnership to deal in
the relevant goods by prohibiting a
first adopter from obtaining a trademark
in a phrase like booking Inc Goodyear
ensured that no party can monopolize a
generic term the same result should
apply to booking.com
the addition of dot-com is the online
equivalent of company or Inc it conveys
only that respondent provides its
services via a commercial website on the
Internet there is no sound reason for
respondents to be able to federally
register booking.com as a trademark when
it couldn't register booking Inc
registration would effectively give
respondent a monopoly on the word
booking.com
and would interfere with competitors
ability to use similar domain names
that's particularly problematic because
of how the internet works only one
entity can obtain
the contractual rights to a domain name
at a time so respondent already enjoys
significant competitive advantages that
brick-and-mortar equivalents like
booking Inc would lack that same feature
of the internet also means that if
respondent survey evidence is enough to
obtain federal trademark registration
then nearly every generic com business
can do the same because domain names are
one-of-a-kind
a significant portion of the public will
always understand a generic com term to
refer to a specific business even if it
is not familiar with the particular
business at issue but counsel you
mentioned the Goodyear case but you did
not quote the language from the
trademark statute that is at issue here
that language says that the primary
significance of the mark to the public
shall be the test for determining
whether the mark has become generic now
the Goodyear case had a different test
an absolute rule and it seems to me that
in trying to decide what Congress had in
mind it makes more sense to follow the
language that Congress chose in the
statute rather than a one hundred and
thirty year old case of ours so mr.
chief justice two points on that the
first is that the Lanham Act actually
preserves a distinction between generic
this is both in the definitional
provision and then again in section 10
25 Ian or 1052 excuse me in F confirms
the generic terms are never susceptible
to trademark registration even when they
acquire secondary meaning and
descriptive terms merely descriptive
terms may acquire trademark significance
when they acquire a secondary meaning so
I think it is it the Lanham Act
preserves sort of the underlying
principle of Goodyear now moving to
section 1064 3 specifically the
cancellation provision that you note
that's on page 11a of our appendix it
says the primary significance of the
registered marks to the relevant public
rather than purchaser motivation shall
be the test for determining whether the
measure the registered mark has become
the generic name of goods or services I
think it's significant here that that
provision was enacted in 1984 respondent
has pointed to no case and no source
before its own briefs suggesting that it
overturned it was enacted in 1984 but
that's a lot closer to today than the
Goodyear case which was a hundred and
thirty years ago so I don't know why we
would focus more in the statutory
language than that that old old case but
more more to the point maybe that if
this is a generic term
booking.com that means that it describes
a category of goods or services but when
you talk about other companies in that
category whether it's Travelocity
Priceline or whatever
nobody refers to those as as booking.com
booking.com is not a generic term to
describe that type of service so again a
few points on that mr. chief justice the
first is that we agree that in the
ordinary case one might use the term
generic to refer or to understand it how
the consumers generally refer to a class
of goods but I think it can also be used
as this Court's decision in Goodyear
used it for how a specific entity or how
the public would understand
term so for example in Goodyear the
courthouse that Goodyear Inc could not
be or wine Inc for example could not be
trademarked and that's true even though
nobody refers to a class of wine
incorporated the point here is thank you
Thank You counsel
Justice Thomas yes ms Roth the couple of
questions
the could booking acquire an 800 number
for exhibits a vanity number 1-800
booking for example that is similar to
for 1-800 plumbing which is a registered
mark so Justice Thomas under the Federal
Circuit's decisions yes it could those
decisions I think may are sort of
debatable under Goodyear and the
principles that we think control here
but the Federal Circuit the PTO rather
does follow those decisions because of
the right of direct appeal to the
Federal Circuit from PTO decisions now I
think it's significant that those are
distinguishable in the sense of the core
problem with booking.com
is that it allows respondent to
monopolize booking on the internet
because of the fact that longer domain
names of respondents competitors like
ebook ENCOM and hotel booking com can
include booking.com
but it's not as obviously true of
something like 1-800 bookings well the
that could be true but the I'd like you
to compare this to Goodyear in Goodyear
you had a generic term but you also had
an added a term such as company or Inc
which any company could use now with
booking here there can only be one
domain address com
so this would seem to be more analogous
to the 1-800 numbers which are also
individualized so your honor you're
completely correct but only one Internet
entity at a time can hold the domain
name rights to booking.com I think that
actually works in our fee
rather than respondents for a few
reasons the first is that respondent
doesn't actually argue that every domain
name should get a trademark as I think
would be the consequence of your honors
position there I think the reason that
respondent doesn't do that again is
because if that's good for respondent
that it's good for a booking common
hotel booking.com and then I think the
risk of confusion analysis on the back
end would also have to account for the
fact that each of those is unique and so
a respondent would wind up with a very
thin trademark protection putting that
to one side in the usual case of
trademark what a residence whatever
different wants is the ability both to
exclude others from using the same name
and to compete to exclude others from
using names that are confusingly similar
because of the functional nature of the
Internet respondent already has that
first advantage so others can't use
booking.com online and their competitors
won't want to use those those terms and
their promotional materials because that
will direct customers to respondents
website rather than their own so the
point here and this you know is why
generic com terms garner so much money
on the Internet the point I think of
this case what really matters is the
second type of usage the ability to
block out competitors like eBook ENCOM
and hotel booking com and I think that's
exactly the type of anti-competitive
concern that this court expressed in
Goodyear that if you allow one company
to have booking inks or booking company
it's going to preclude others from
calling their goods by their name and
from marketing themselves as what they
are now I think you know the judge Wynn
explains this very well in the court of
appeals defense at pages 28 a to 29 a of
our appendix what respondent wants here
is something that couldn't get in the
brick and mortar world
so usually we require businesses to
decide whether to adopt a generic name
upfront and that allows them to get easy
recognition from consumers who
automatically understand what they sell
they don't know at all Thank You counsel
Justice Ginsburg two questions first
question is if you're right that dot-com
doesn't make a generic term non-generic
many machs already registered marks
would be subject to cancellation I take
it there are dozens of dot-coms
that have been registered is that so sir
Justice Ginsburg I think respondents
suggest that there are far more than
there actually are if I could make just
a few points on this the first is that
the tea cab which is how the PTO speaks
presidentially has been consistent on
this point and the examiner decisions in
our appendix as well the courts of
appeals other than the court below so by
and large our rule is being followed out
in the world so I don't think that there
is going to be this huge change now
respondent does point to some examples
but I think those examples kill a few
flaws one of those flaws is that
respondent seems to think that on our
rule the combination of any two nouns or
any noun and an entity designation is
always going to be generic that's simply
not true you always have to look at how
the two terms are being used so for
example respondent look to Cheesecake
Factory but of course that's not a
literal factory producing cheesecakes
it's a restaurant so I don't think
Cheesecake Factory
I wanted you to focus on cancellation
who could apply the cancel an existing
registration not so Hugh if we will if
we rule in your favor with the PTO
itself endeavor to cancel these marks I
don't believe so your honor I think that
competitors could under Section 1064
filed petitions to cancel our
registrations and of course the fact
that it was generic would allow
registration or excuse me cancellation
at any point now I think that those same
entities could have brought cases
previously based on again the binding
law of the Federal Circuit and the the
tea cab which is and was consistent on
this point so again I think because
respondents appendix sort of greatly
overstates the number of marks that
actually have been incorrectly
registered we don't have a fear that
there will be a huge backlash if the
rules change and to explain a little bit
more why I think that's so respondent
points not just examples like she and I
have another question I wanted to ask
you and it's a follow-up to Justice
Thomas your answer to the telephone
number of question 1-800 booking was
well that's the Federal Circuit
precedent but it would be our job in
this case to deal with that if the
Federal Circuit is wrong you have
another distinction for the 1-800 say
mattress so booking that would
distinguish it from the domain name yes
Justice Ginsburg I'm so I think the
other distinction is that again
booking.com can be encapsulated in
longer domain names in the in a way that
1-800 booking we're booking itself
really couldn't be in longer phone
numbers so there's sort of a sort of de
facto reason why the same competitive
risks aren't there I think it's also
worth taking a step back hey Thank You
counsel
I just as Breyer the same question as
justice Thomas's question good morning
anyway had the justice Thomas's question
Justice Ginsburg what do you want to say
about that you can have a trademark that
is in a dress 14:18 learning history or
something you have a trademark that's in
a dress you can have a trademark that's
a telephone number so why can't you have
a trademark that's a dot-com
so again Justice Breyer and good morning
I I think that it is clear from goofier
that Goodyear balance these competing
objectives that are always true in
trademark law in this very similar
context of booking company we think
booking company and booking comm are
essentially equivalent all booking.com
tells you is that there is a website on
the internet for booking it tells you
with a type of service that's sort of a
classic generic usage we think that that
follows from a good year now Goodyear as
I was saying sort of balance these two
competing interests on the one hand we
want to make sure that consumers
understand that the good they got last
time is from a particular brand and so
we want strong brand identification and
we protect trademarks for that reason on
the other hand we want to avoid
monopolization of language and I think
that's exactly the concern that Goodyear
had with booking dot or excuse me
looking company and booking Inc or wine
company and grain company and grain ink
in the words of Goodyear and it's
exactly the same concern that we have on
the internet here because again by using
booking.com and by getting a trademark
on booking.com
respondent necessarily must want to be
able to block out evoking calm and hotel
booking calm and similar names I think
again because respondent couldn't do
that in the brick and mortar world
there's no reason why it should be
allowed to do it on the Internet now you
noted that you could have sort of a
street address as a trademark but I
think that's fundamentally different
because of course that's not telling you
anything at all about the services so
the registrant there would still have to
work to build up its brand recognition
in the same way that a person who uses a
inherently distinctive mark like Amazon
has to do they don't get this sort of
upfront benefit from using a generic
term where everyone now knows that they
provide in respondents case online
booking services and all of the
concomitant benefits on the internet
that go with that such as again the fact
that other competitors can't use that
name and the consumers will go to
booking.com
expecting that to be a site for booking
for online booking even if there's no
particular knowledge on the part of the
consumer about that website thank you
Justice Alito what do you think I should
do if I think that Goodyear is the case
from a different era and doesn't control
here but also think that the Lanham Act
similarly was enacted in a different era
namely in the pre-internet era and that
the case law in which ms Blatt relies
longs to that era
how can a rule that makes sense
in the internet age be reconciled with
the language of the Lanham Act I think
Justice Alito is pretty easily
reconcilable with the Lanham Act and I
want to go back to the Chief Justice's
first question about the primary
significance test again the primary
significance test is sort of cabined
necessarily in the statute at least to
cancellation of a mark that was already
considered distinctive so this comes up
in cases like Teflon and Kodak and
things where it's a coined term and so
the respondent concedes in their brief
it's a very narrow rule in 1984 Congress
passed this amendment to overturn a
specific Ninth Circuit case that had
applied a different test in the
cancellation context now it is true that
other courts have applied similar
analyses in other places but that's
because of the pre-existing common law
so for that reason we think Goodyear
continues to control for the same reason
that this other pre-existing common law
does but even taking you sort of outside
of Goodyear as I take your question to
suggest even without Goodyear you have
this very basic trademark policy that
has always been true which is that
generic terms simply are not susceptible
to appropriation by a particular
business even when they're secondary
meaning this Court recognized that in
two cases following the Lanham Act
citing judge Friendly's quintessential
sort of categories of terms and I think
it remains true on the internet Chester
because it remains true in the brick and
mortar world again I think trademark is
always trying to make this balance
between competition and brand
recognition on the one hand and fear of
monopolization on the other and I think
the fear of monopolization sides here
really speaks very strongly to our
position because again respondents view
would allow them to monopolize any term
I think it's worth noting on pages six
and eight of respondents brief their
test actually requires them I think to
hedge as to whether the words oranges or
oranges Inc or I presume oranges dot-com
would be generic so on their view
oranges remains generic if and only if a
survey shows that the public continues
to think of that as quote the spherical
fruit of the same color I think that
would be a surprising outcome under
trademark law whether in the brick and
mortar world
or on the internet now the other point
and that respondent makes with respect
to the the clarification of the primary
significance test you know I don't think
it's actually the primary significance
test that's the core of respondents
argument respondents argument is much
more that that test must always and in
all circumstance we're looking to survey
evidence and giving that survey evidence
dispositively
I think that's not true under Goodyear
which i think is totally reconcilable
with the primary significance test
because video itself on page 602 of the
opinion rejected evidence as legally
irrelevant that one particular defendant
had sort of the best claim to public
association again that's consistent with
the Lanham Act in Section justice
Sotomayor
justice Sotomayor I'm sorry chief
miss Ross picking up on where you were
right now is it your position that the
primary significance test to the public
is never to be used in determining
what's generic and what's not or is it
and if we don't use that test at least
in whole or in part however much you
want what other things would a PTO
examiner look to justice Sotomayor it's
not our position that the the courts in
the PTO can never look to the primary
significance test outside of
cancellation again I think that the
reason why courts in the PTO do that is
because the Lanham Act student overturn
pre-existing common law and that again
speaks to why we think Goodyear remains
good law but I think what courts should
do in this instance is look to other
sources to figure out what again a
generic whether something is a generic
term which usually means whether it is
going to indicate the type of good or
service the dictionary definitions are
very helpful in this regard the use by
other competitors like again hotel
booking calm and evoking calm here and
similar sources what
think you should what courts and the PTO
shouldn't do is give dispositive weight
to survey evidence that has the
trademark scholars reached by professor
touchnet explains is going to cause some
issues in these particular circumstances
so again because of the functional
nature of the internet because everyone
understands that a certain that only one
entity at a time can hold the domain
name booking.com surveys are going to
misrepresent the number of people who
actually understand that booking.com is
a business as opposed to only infer that
because of the way the internet works
now anything that's really good this
Ross man let me stop you there for a
moment I looked at your definitions of
booking and it basically one definition
said booking a hotel but this service is
much broader than that you can book a
hotel you can book leisure you can put
travel you can book cars so I think that
may be a problem with my looking at
booking as generic but my point being
that if I look at all the evidence you
point to a booking
car booking hotel booking that a finder
of fact could well conclude that
booking.com is in fact related to one
entity and not to a has become more a
descriptive word than a generic phrase
justice Sotomayor I think I I think
that's was not presented here and I
disagree on the merits so I think it's
not presented here in that respondent
has acknowledged is no longer contesting
that booking is generic for the relevant
class of services here and that's the
hotel the online hotel reservation
services Qod our broader point you know
I think this actually speaks to the
problem with a lot of respondents
examples which is to say you're always
looking at the particular category and
the particular for which the goods or
services are being registered and
usage now on this idea that well maybe
if you consult justice kagan at the
morning MS Russ short question first
yeah I'm right in saying that you're
advocating for a categorical rule here
am I not in other words you're not
saying that trademarks of this kind will
rarely be registered registerable you're
saying that they will never be
registerable is that correct I think it
depends a little bit Justice Kagan on
what you mean by trademarks of this kind
we think that when you're simply a
pending charge com okay okay ah
sure so booking.com and other other
phrases where the combination doesn't
add any additional meanings like I mean
to distinguish cases like the courts of
appeals have hypothesized like tennis
net where they're sort of an interplay
between the two words on either side of
the period we don't think that those
would necessarily never provide for
trademark protection we just don't think
that's really presented here but in your
mind why is that why you know the PTO
takes a much less categorical position
it says well those dot-coms will
typically not add source identifying
significance but it doesn't say never
what why is that
what's the Dwight why is there a
difference between what the PTO
examiner's manual says and what you say
I don't think our actually is a
difference Justice Kagan I think what
the PTO is leaving open again is this
category this very narrow category of
rare cases that the Federal Circuit and
the Ninth Circuit have recognized I
think what respondent would do is to
expand that category and respondent has
tried to say that this is sort of the
rare case but as I was explaining
earlier I think basically every generic
com case is going to have this type of
evidence because of people's knowledge
of how the internet works so I think
we're not asking in your brief you say
you know you're you're not making the
argument that people go around talking
about comms but you're instead
saying that booking.com is generic and
this is on page 44 of your brief because
customers would understand the term to
convey only that the the company
provides online
services and the term conveys no
additional meaning but would distinguish
respondent services from those of other
providers and I guess when I think about
that test I think well maybe or maybe
not if the test is what you say is what
is a consumer going to understand and
does the term convey additional meaning
that would distinguish the respondent
services from others I kind of think
well maybe it would well so how does
that test go along with a categorical
rule I think Justice Kagan to the extent
that you think it could convey to
consumers some additional meaning that
additional meaning and really the only
additional meaning that respondent has
ever pointed to is this idea that it
points you to a particular website so
that I think both because it's a
functional feature of the Internet to
which we don't usually give trademark
protection and for all of the
competition based reasons I was noting
earlier I think that can't be enough to
get them over the line they've never
made an argument again that is sort of
the key distinction between generic and
descriptive terms is that a generic term
identifies the type of good or service
whereas the description descriptive term
tells you something about a feature or a
characteristic of the service so for
example apple pie generic for pies but
descriptive for wroom wroom the prior
lesson sorry to interrupt suppose miss
relish that you lose on your argument on
a categorical rule is there something
else that the court would that you would
like the court to include in an opinion
about how to evaluate registration
claims for generic com marks in other
words if categorical is a is a bridge
too far is there is there something else
that we should be thinking about in
terms of saying when it is the generic
marks are registerable so a few points
your honor I think first we obviously
think that the court should follow
Goodyear and so I think what Goodyear
said was that generic company terms
quote without further specification it
won't be enough to get trademark
protection I think that that is
essentially the rule that we're asking
for not briefly miss Ross sure I think
we would want to see at a bare minimum
the risk of confusion analysis on the
back end to be
extremely sensitive to the fact that
what's driving the intuition is the
uniqueness of the domain name and so
that equally applies to respondents
competitors Thank You counsel Justus
Gorsuch I'd like to follow up on that
and and just give you another minute to
continue answering that question suppose
we the court does not accept your
bright-line rule how would you advise
the court write an opinion that draws on
and points to this sensitivity necessary
in this area all right so a couple of
points justice course that the first is
that I think again even if the court did
not think that good you're fairly
controlled here as we do I think it is
very indicative of the right type of
analysis in terms of the concern with
monopolizing language as I was saying
earlier I think let's put Goodyear aside
for the moment okay again I know you
want us to go there but put that aside
for the moment what would you have the
court say certainly so I would want to
court to recognize as the Lanham Act I
think commands again in sections 10 52 E
and F that you can start terms generally
are not susceptible to trademark
registrations based on secondary meaning
and so respondent like all generic coms
would have to come forward with some
evidence other than simply this
secondary idea that yes this is a term
that just tells me that it's an online
booking agency but consumers have come
to understand it at something else I
think blurring that distinction could
have really bad consequences outside of
the dot-com context again the oranges or
oranges incorporated example where
everything is now subject to survey
evidence so I would want the courts make
clear I guess that leads to my next
question and that is why our existing
doctrinal tools under the Lanham Act
sufficient because we do always in every
case not just this area would take very
seriously questions about consumer
confusion and it seems to me a lot of
your argument on on competition law
policy issues is a concern of the
consumer confusion but the Lanham Act
accounts for that
and then it seems like you're also
concerned about the use of a generic
term but fair use doctrine is designed
to account for that so why aren't there
sufficient doctrinal tools to address
the concern the competition law concerns
you've raised and why isn't this just
another example of where intellectual
property and monopolization concerns
intersect and we have to respect the
judgment Congress made in this
particular area so justice courses
there's a lot in that question I think
that you know my first line answer of
course is that we think that the tools
are sufficient they just point in our
direction now I I think that set back
the generic term can't be trademark even
upon a showing of secondary meaning
under the Lanham Act is itself enough to
resolve this piece now moving on from
there you know you mentioned the risk of
confusion analysis I think it's notable
that respondent in their brief says we
should get a trademark on booking.com
but if I booking.com comes and a large
part of that is because we're unique but
if a booking.com comes along we should
win in a risk of confusion analysis
because we were here first
now I think if it's sort of good for the
goose is good for the gander if he
booking or if booking.com gets trademark
protection because it's unique then it
seems as though he booking.com should
get equal protection because it too is
unique so I don't think that sort of the
competition concerns are necessarily
resolved under existing trademark law I
think you would argue a little justice
Cavanagh Thank You mr. chief justice
good morning miss Ross respondent says
there's no threat of monopolies with doe
name domain names because they're unique
and they say they wouldn't in fact be
concerned about eBook income
names in their briefs so what are the
real-world practical problems you Percy
if coms could obtain trademarks I think
you just have enough so again I think
the real-world practical problem is one
I don't read respondent actually to say
that they wouldn't think that e
booking.com were infringing and they say
sure go ahead and register it but if it
turns out consumers are confused and we
think we we
get the territory and you don't so I do
think there is a very real risk of
monopolization in that sense the other
risk so I think is that you know
respondent is already getting as I
mentioned earlier these huge first mover
advantages from the fact that it and
only it can control booking.com on the
internet and so it is asking for this
privilege that no business would have in
the real world of both getting the
really exacerbated first mover
advantages of using a generic name and
then also getting the backend trademark
protection and I guess I don't see why
the Internet context should permit that
again given that it already gives
respondents these huge advantages I also
think this is sort of a maybe a lesser
level but you know if it's true that
booking.com and presumably every other
trademark all right excuse me every
other domain name can get a trademark
then you're going to have this problem
where the trademark system is basically
becoming a domain name registry system
it's just duplicative of that and I'm
not sure why rather than following sort
of bedrock trademark principles like
generic terms can't get trademark
protection notebook and company
therefore no booking.com
the court would go in that direction of
essentially just having a quasi DNR for
for internet generic com names
respondent also points out that there
have been registrations of booking.com
and other countries the EU the United
Kingdom can you respond to that sure
does this have now you know I think that
may well be true I don't think it's
particularly relevant here obviously
those other countries aren't focusing or
aren't constrained by Goodyear as we
think this Court is and and they're not
constrained by the Lanham Act as we
think this Court is and obviously again
I think the Lanham Act preserves that
core understanding of Goodyear which is
no company can obtain a trademark on a
generic term even if it shows that the
public has time to associate it with its
good that's all respondent has argued
for here thank you
miss Ross why don't you take a minute to
wrap up sure Thank You mr. chief justice
so I think our basic points are simple
GART rule flows directly from goodyear
tom is simply the online version of
company and it tells you only that
respondent operates a commercial website
via the Internet where bookings can be
made we think it's consistent with the
Lanham Act preservation of this
distinction between generic and
descriptive terms and with long-standing
trademark policy respondents rule by
contrast would require overturning
goodyear luring the Lanham Act line
between generic and descriptive marks
and permitting the monopolization of
generic terms online and for all of
those reasons we would respectfully ask
that the court reverse Thank You counsel
miss Platt Thank You mr. Chief Justice
and may it please the court this case is
about how to tell the difference between
descriptive names the Lanham Act
protects and generic ones the Act is not
for three reasons this Court should hold
that the answer is the primary
significance test that is whether
consumers primarily think the name is a
genus or a potential brand first the Act
mandates this test
second the abrogated good year and third
this test furthers the statutory purpose
to let consumers decide which marks
deserve trademark protection first the
text the Act has always required in
sections 10 52 10 91 and 11 27 trademark
registration if a mark helps consumers
distinguish among brands in other words
the Act protects descriptive names which
consumers find useful but it excludes
generic ones which consumers think just
refer to a genus the Lanham Act has
codified the law of unfair competition
which had protected descriptive but not
generic names and right before Congress
passed the Act
this court in qur'anic adopted the
primary significance test under unfair
competition law to distinguish between
generic and descriptive names for the
past 70 years courts have embraced this
primary significance test to tell the
difference under the Lanham Act and it
was against this Universal backdrop that
Congress later codified the primary
significance test in sections 1064 to
overrule a decision departing from this
test in the cancellation context 1064
that's reflects Congress's ratification
of the primary significance test to
define a generic name
in all context the government has no
other test for the dividing line other
than primary significance second
goodyear did not survive the Lanham Act
the Act repudiates route to branch any
per se rule that an island of words are
generic as a matter of law regardless of
consumers views first sections 1052 1091
and 11:27 necessarily defined at generic
names as ones that do not help consumers
distinguish among brands because
everything else must be registered and
the factual question about what
consumers think is the antithesis of a
per se rule Thank You counsel you rely
heavily on the primary significance test
but that is only in the provision of the
statute dealing with cancellation of
marks and of course this is not a
cancellation case it's a registration
case so why should we assume that the
primary significance test carries the
weight that you would give it sure so
like I just said the 1064 we think is a
ratification of the law as if you're
looking at the dividing line between
what's a generic term and what's a
descriptive term and the specific
amendment was to overrule a decision
that had come up in the cancellation
context so it was targeted to that Ninth
Circuit anti-monopoly case in terms of
the primary significance test though if
you ignore section 1064 there is still
no other test than other than one that
decide that looks to what consumers
think of the mark because three
provisions regardless of 1054 require
registration of marks that help
consumers distinguish among brands so
that may be one reason that Congress put
this in the cancellation section and not
in the registration section is because
they appreciated the significance of
Goodyear with respect to registration of
marks I don't think that can be right
because again Goodyear is a good here is
a common law rule at the May let's just
talk about Goodyear
good here is a common law rule that is
based on the principle under common law
that no mark could be trademarked if
competitors could with equal truth
hypothetically say that about the mark
and so good year by its terms
interchangeably uses the word generic
and descriptive marks and that was true
because common law didn't care both were
off-limits and so the court in Goodyear
specifically said wine company is no
different than like a whim lucky' won a
coal and Pennsylvania wheat which are
descriptive terms and the court said
both are off-limits at this court in 5/5
cases at the time right after Goodyear
described Goodyear as not only a case
about descriptive terms but two cases
Laurens manufacturing and PD Beckwith
which are cited on pages 28 of the
government's brief for the equal truth
principle and that's where the
government I think it didn't mean to but
it basically says book your booking does
not deserve a trademark because everyone
with equal truth could be a booking
company and we know there are a lot of
companies that use booking in their the
second-level domain ebook ENCOM Hotel
booking.com euro bookings calm travel
booking dot-com
if you succeed in trademarking
booking.com then these competitors will
be impeded from using that term which is
an accurate description of the services
and goods that they they provide so take
into consideration sure and like you
should take into consideration with all
marks that are descriptive I mean a
bottom line position is that dot-com
mark should be treated the same but
there are three reasons why you
shouldn't worry about what the
government's they're they're sort of you
know
concerns about anti monopolization first
the concerns are just in a brief they
don't give you a single not a single
example of harm
despite the ubiquity of generic word com
marks and the fact that booking.com is
registered in 85 other countries
including one quickly know what your
second and third reasons are yeah
so let me get to the third reason which
I think is the legal reason in terms of
why it doesn't crowd out the more
descriptive a mark is the harder it is
for that mark to show a likelihood of
confusion requisite element in any
infringement claim and thank you
Justice Thomas okay
Thank You chief the just getting back to
the Chiefs question miss Blatt you said
you seem to rely almost exclusively on
the primary significance test do you
need that test in order to prevail here
no because regardless of what you think
of our test the government can't be
right because three statutory provisions
that don't mention primary significance
test overall repudiate abrogate and
completely eradicate any notion that you
could have a per se rule that would
ignore what consumers think which is why
the court in qualitex didn't mean some
primary significance test it just said
you look at them you don't have the
common law per se bar against trade
marking colors it's just a factual
question about what consumers think do
they find the mark useful and so we went
under three provisions I think the other
problem you've been putting aside those
three provisions Justice Thomas is that
there's a whole separate problem the
government has that there are two
provisions that require courts to look
to how consumers would view the mark as
a whole and not its component parts and
so you can't just think because wine
come wine is generic company is generic
wine company is generic and that's the
same you know with the word container
and the word store you put the two
together booking or dot-com you put the
two together and you have to consider
you have to look at the way consumers
would view that as a whole that also
abrogates a per se rule so you don't
even need to mention primary
significance to know that the government
is wrong it just so happens that every
Court has always said the primary
significance test governs the PTO s
manual says it it's the test that was
applied in this case and if I could turn
to something that I think is pretty
devastating for the government is their
appendix there are pendeks of rejected
marks it's not based on good here
it's
from the primary significance test go
look at the records in addcom benin
breakfast calm
bookkeeping calm limousine.com newspaper
archive calm there's no good year it's
the primary significance that looks at
extensive evidentiary record about how
consumers would perceive the market now
our appendix is not it's the same it's
not based on mistakes weather.com
tickets.com dating calm wrestling
figures calm and another
bed-and-breakfast mark the pto look at
extensive evidence it wasn't some lazy
ppl officer it was someone looking at
the primary significance attest and saw
wow i'm saying that consumers really see
whether calm is distinctive it deserves
registration so the status quo is the
primary significance fest and that's
what has been you know i think this also
should give the chief and justice thomas
some comfort that most marks throat the
primary significance test but some don't
so that you make a the government relies
on goodyear and you say that of course
there's been a sea change in trademark
law since goodyear particularly with the
Lanham Act would you just explain
briefly how you think the Lanham Act has
expanded the trick trademark law and
what is protected and what is not
protected sure Justice Thomas so it's a
basic overhaul in the sense that and
again these are these five Supreme Court
cases that are cited on pages 37 and 38
of our brief and all the old chestnuts
Elgin and Canal Company these are famous
trademark cases that are all about the
bar on descriptive marks
you cannot could not may not trademark
Lackawanna coal or Pennsylvania wheat or
Elgin watch or whatever the typewriter
was in the how case you just can't do it
because everybody has an equal right to
say they have that particular
characteristic or that particular thank
you Miss Platt Justice Ginsburg if you
have a a named Miss Platt then the
consumers will know that the word
um we'll get you particular source not
all sellers of a given source commodity
but one particular source and yet you
don't argue that generic com is always
potentially trademark able so when with
the generic um remain genetic so in
terms of when it flunks the primary
significance fest in addition I can talk
I'll give you some examples but the the
sites that I gave you from the
government appendix are good examples of
how generic war.com marks flunk it but
let's just let's look at well there's
several examples so in our survey
majority overwhelming majority found
that washing machines comm were generic
and yet an overwhelming majority found
that booking.com referred to the travel
website that's used around the globe
another example just sort of a
common-sense example I can give you is
that sometimes people think of generic
or comms generically I have searched
every grocery store calm looking for
toilet paper I have now started looking
at every hardware comm I am using food
delivery comm for all of my take outs
these days those are generic generic
usages of a generic word comm and I
think the examples on the PP o--'s
database versus our examples just show
you where and let me just correct for
the record here about survey evidence
survey evidence is never dispositive you
always look at any and all relevant
evidence about consumer usages and if
there is evidence from newspapers
consumer surveys dictionaries trade
journals that give you reason to suspect
a survey is either unreliable or just
you don't have to credit it then don't
credit it then the dot the generic icon
mark losses as a factual matter because
the evidence is oval otherwise
overwhelming that the marks wonks the
primary significance test it's just it
here the government dropped it tried to
argue the survey was unreliable but it
waived that in the court of appeals and
so we and the district court said I'm
not just relying on the survey I'm
relying
on all the evidence about booking.com
and the lack of pto is evidence but
other cases will turn out differently
and I ask you another question and that
is if passing off another services as
your service is what you're really
concerned about why doesn't unfair
competition law afford you adequate
protection so mainly the reason is
because you know we're a business we
want the same competitive rights that
every other travel agency has to federal
registration but specifically dot-com
marks need sections 1125 D and D - in
particular because it allows in rem
proceedings so if you have a cyber scam
they largely arise overseas and the
person is beyond the jurisdiction of the
US courts and what the Lanham Act does
if you're if you're a trademark it
allows you to sue the domain name and
basically shut it down and spoofing type
of typo squatting and all these other
cyber cyber scams are prevalent in the
internet but I do think even if you
didn't have the internet specific
reasons they're not second-class
citizens they deserve the same trademark
registration rights as any other company
to protect against outright
counterfeiting and infringement Thank
You counsel Justice Breyer it's a
combination of four things one the
trademark law is supposed to give the
company the advantage that grows out of
a commercial identification it's not
supposed to create monopoly power or
market power beyond that here the power
of the trademark your trademark is
exactly growing out of the fact that
everybody knows there's one column with
one name
if you can do it in the future you don't
have to worry about searching the
internet for toilet paper from grocery
stores calm there will only be one
grocery store Scott Campbell recognized
one and only one they'll be pista calm
they'll be cookies calm they'll be
flowers calm etc now second the problem
is maybe not so bad if that was the only
thing that they could use but they're
going to be lawsuits when it's I pizza
calm because that's Italian pizza or F
flowers calm because that's fresh
flowers or ebook ings calm so we're
creating an area of exclusivity that
goes well beyond the name the third
thing they bring out is that in fact the
identification that you talk about flows
simply from the fact that loads of
people now know that each Internet
company has one name so the interesting
thing about your survey is not the 73
percent of the people who think that
booking.com is a single company but the
33 percent of the people who think that
washing machines dot-com is they say is
a is a trademark special company B which
it isn't and they do that because they
know about the internet so you're taking
Internet power not just advertising or
commercial product dot power and
multiplying it and the fourth thing is
what Justice Ginsburg said there's
another way to achieve your result
unfair competition law all right now
that's a lot but I want to hear your
answer to those points it's first
there's the statute that the statute
decided the policy decision in our favor
if we meet the definition of a trademark
we get registered second as a policy
matter the touchnet brief is just wrong
if you look at the pages in ninety four
of the trial court record web that was
the government's experts story their
narrative the judge rejected it and if
you look at pages 164 and 167 of the
joint appendix our expert trashes that
methodology and makes fun of it and so
if you okay take out go ahead remove
every single person who erroneously
thought why
washing machines comm was a was a
trademark and you still get a 64 percent
which is huge brand recognition for
booking.com
third the government's appendix just
destroys this argument they reject these
marks day in and day out they don't get
registered for reality destroys their
argument where are the lawsuits where
are the complaints nowhere I don't see
any our brief at pages 27 and 28 cites
rent.com tickets calm and travel calm
and then sites like and I lost we just
ran out of room to put them all once you
three rent calm rents USA now calm for
rent calm its endless the notion that
anyone is being crowded out is just
silly it would be one thing if they
could explain someone complaining but
the ubiquity of the travel marks and the
ticket marks and the red marks is nuts
and so Thank You counsel Justice Alito
what would your class position be if
companies that had that took booking.com
but made very slight variations but
trademark protection yeah that's that's
fine and that's why e booking we don't
object to e booking fee booking is not a
problem and I think it's for the two
reasons if I could finish it is what
exactly what Justice Court should said
it is the fair use defense allows under
Section 1115 B for that anyone can use
the registered name here would be
booking or booking.com to describe their
services no liability and also and
McCarthy has a huge huge thing on this
that the more descriptive the names
these lawsuits just don't don't look and
that's true with the that just about
calm marks Alzheimer's has a foundation
it you would not your client would not
object to the registration of any
trademark that simply made a slight
variation in booking.com
that would be fine all of those
companies could register their
trademarks they are because there's a
million booking registrations already
answer the question we yes object to
that they don't and have not and would
not
now if there was fraud and somebody
ripping off the goodwill based on
booking.com I'm sure they'd want to sue
but it would be very hard to bring that
lawsuit very hard my concern with your
position is exactly what I think Justice
Breyer just suggested you are seeking a
degree of monopoly power that nobody
could have had prior to the internet age
I take it a company could not have
registered booking company but because
of the internet you have booking.com
which gives you an advantage over other
companies that are in that business and
now you want to get even more advantage
by getting trademark protection for that
so if I could turn to the company
situation this is just not true the wig
company which is registered is
celebrating its 50th year anniversary
it's called the wig company there's also
the wig shop and the wig store in the
widow wig Mart and so it's not like WIC
company has crowded out with companies
there are many places that sell wigs
just find it's not like any generic
war.com has crowded out weather.com
exist with accuweather.com law comm
there are so many law dot-com variations
that are registered and not suing each
other and no one's complaining that you
just type in law calm and to the
database and you'll see it there's just
a lot of registered names and that's
fine in terms of saying well that's just
you know what the PTO does but the fact
that that they don't have any anti
competitive harm seems to be telling
that you wouldn't want to you wouldn't
want to write an opinion destroying the
billions of dollars of goodwill that's
been built up and not just calm Marx but
in company Marx and if you extend
Goodyear past corporate designation it
just says the government cited it said
company means an association or a
partnership well calm is not an
association of a partnership
it's a store to buy stuff Thank You
counsel
justice Sotomayor this what I am
troubled as Justice Breyer and Justice
Alito are about the monopoly situation
but I'm also troubled by what's the rule
that you want the PTO to follow
they can't trademark under law generic
names are they required now to run their
own consumer perception surveys before
they determine that a particular name is
generic how are you okay with the
existing rule that I think Justice Kagan
read before which is that there is no
per se rule but that what is it how is
it going to change PTO practice and
won't it lead inevitably to the
registration of every single common name
of every business and then a expensive
legal fight on whether it's become
generic or not
so I percent agree with Justice Kagan
it's our view as the status quo which is
the primary significance test it's what
the PTO s manual says it's what the PTO
has been applying which is why are in
appendix and the government's appendix
are actually consistent it shows the PTO
day in and day out
rolling up its sleeves applying the
primary significance test no you do not
have to have a survey the PTO looks at
tons of evidence and says look this is
just consumers would see this as
referring to any place on the internet
that sells these goods you're not
getting registered and that's the end of
the story and that's why a lot of those
marks end up on the rejected list now on
our list when they let in wthr.com they
looked at different evidence and said
Wow wthr.com has a big consumer fan base
and
as the primary significance of being a
brand so we got a register that and
that's good for consumers you want
consumers to know when they go to
weather.com
they're getting weather calm and not
accuweather.com in same way with the
gating calm and wrestling figures calm
so I hear you on you're worried but the
PTO is up to the task this is what
they've been doing and we've had their
dot-com marks that have been registered
from the late 1990s in 2000 say if this
is a factual question and a district
court is not to give the PTO deference
then what we're going to have is every
district court reweighing all of this
evidence that the PTO looked at and
frankly I'm on the margin with respect
to your mark because I would have looked
at ebook King and car booking and hotel
booking and all of those other bookings
and said this really booking standing
alone is generic even with dot-com now
you point to the Teflon study but you
seem to be saying that a district court
who ruled a different way would be wrong
as a matter of law could that be the any
survey ever be dispositive no so let me
be clear a district court and it sounds
like we would have lost had you been the
trial court I didn't look at that entire
room maybe you could we could have lost
at the trial court level that's the risk
you take a lot of people go the Federal
Circuit route because they like Federal
Circuit law and you take a risk you go
usually the district court route when
you think you have good evidence Thank
You counsel
Justice Kagan good morning that's that I
guess what strikes me is something along
the same lines as what has struck
justices Breyer and Alito and Sotomayor
and it's that there seems to disconnect
between the primary significance test
and these kinds of names because the
primary significance test is really
asking well does a consumer understand
something as referring to a category of
products or instead
referring to a particular product or
service and and these names by
definition are unique and everybody
knows that they're unique so if you
apply the primary significance test to
be is completely unique URLs aren't you
going to get a bias in the results and
that true of the survey the Teflon
surveys but it's true of evidence
generally that it would seem is that
you're going to get a bias in the
results and more things will seem to be
registerable than really ought today yes
so a great question and I think I can
clarify this for you so just like the
wig company or wig comm they can be
generic for wig companies and wig
producers so it's not just you have to
say the week company no one thinks the
wig company is referring to wigs it
would be or you know it would be generic
for a type of company so it's not just a
category of goods it's the category of
the sellers so if you think of
booking.com
is no different than the Container Store
you could say that it's so unfair that
containers stored in Container Store
because there can only be one The
Container Store it's the same way with
calm now you're right about the the
Internet address but that would indict
every dot-com mark even your hotel Paris
Paris hotel booking because you would
always win under the under the sphere of
it must have it could never be generic
and so courts have just been dealing
with this I'd say now for two decades or
at least a PTO that were treating the
dot-com marks like house Marc's store
Marc's Association marks okay let me ask
you another question that goes back to
what Justice Alito said and you said to
him into the chief justice
well you would have su e bookings calm
or hotel bookings calm or any of a
number of variants on the name who would
you sue when is a dot-com going to win a
trademark suit I haven't seen any the
same reason but let me just be clear the
same reason the Alzheimer's
Association's in the paper stores and
the paper Mart aren't all suing each
other because they lose
so these suits don't happen but why
people want to trademark registration is
twofold the outright counterfeiting
because booking.com
is a popular name and we don't want
people ripping off our store opening up
I think if you read the card out calm
breeze they show car dealers putting up
signs calling themselves car calm
that's called ripping off that's called
theft and that's what the trademark laws
are about so you need that but secondly
I think that they want it for the 1125 D
it's a specific problem with spoofing
and cyber and cyber scams and that is
definitely what the internet amicus
briefs are saying is that they need this
and that's what booking cares about
booking does not like internet scams and
cyber scams stealing its business and
ruining its reputation because you know
someone infects your internet and
destroy sure you know your identity
Thank You counsel
justice Korsak good morning if I
understand your point correctly miss
Platt it's that the government's
concerns about the competitive advantage
are minimized or mitigated by the fact
that marks like booking.com are
relatively weak because you're putting
together two generic terms and consumers
may well have your company in mind when
they see that we've got evidence and we
can argue about how good that is
but there may be no consumer confusion
and that may also be true with e booking
or hotel booking consumers may or may
not depending on the facts have
particular companies in mind and the
relative weakness of the mark is your
answer together with the fair use
doctrine to the government's monopoly
concerns is that a fair summary much
better than I said we expound on that
please sure so and now let me just help
you with the reason why they're so weak
to begin with and why McCarthy has this
whole chapter of every lawsuit where you
know similarly worded marks can't sue
for others let's take whether calm and
accuweather.com
so it turns out that consumers when you
have very descriptive marks like both of
those that are registered consumers
become very conditioned to focus on the
difference so they know a Q is different
if you look at booking & eBook
consumers would focus on oh there's the
e site there's the e1 I want to go to
the e1 and so it is very very hard to
show likelihood of confusion because the
more similar the mark is it becomes
extremely impossible or particularly
unlikely to be able to prove that and
that is not specific to the dot-com
context it's the same problem that every
mark shop source placed exchange
Emporium collective you know we have
like there's a million dog marks a
million coffee marks a million paper
martim paper marks they all have
different store shop place very
similarly worded they never see each
other and if they do they lose and I'm
making it up justice courses they had a
whole brief despite examples of lawsuits
yeah
can you address for me a little bit more
on the record I know we're not the trial
judge here but justice Breyers point I
think 74 percent of consumers recognized
booking.com is your client but 33
percent think that anything calm isn't
is a real store so only about as I
understand it about 41 percent on a net
basis recognize your mark what do we do
about that
what should we say in this opinion if
anything about a standard it's not the
facts okay so you bread two passionate
brief and the government's brief you
have not obviously read our expert that
explains how they're now call it okay so
why it is so funny is that you would
never met them out you don't take 74 and
subtract 33 it's just based on a like a
very lack of understanding of survey
methodologies you ned out the
participants and so when you met out the
participants you say Lisa Blatt done we
thought Washington died
why should washing machine calm was a
was a was a brand so we're going to take
her out of the survey
so for you look at the people who
correctly saw Washington Machine calm as
generic 64 percent still for booking.com
and so I guess I can say there's just an
extensive discussion of this and the way
I understand that I'm trying to distract
just a level up from the facts guidance
as to what the court should say with
respect to these kind of survey
methodologies if anything so I think
basically Miss Platt Miss Platt oh yeah
I'm sorry
so what I would say is that you know the
survey is the survey instructs the
consumers have a sorry the participants
ahead of time that office supplies is a
common office supply calm is generic and
if they didn't understand that they
couldn't take the survey that
staples.com was a brand and office
supplies calm is generic justice
Cavanaugh tariff Thank You mr. chief
justice good morning miss Blatt I want
to make sure I understand what you think
about our precedent in goodyear exactly
could the principal goodyear still have
some value outside the dot-com context
in the classic company context in which
that case arose because the dot-coms are
inherently unique or is your position
more broadly that Goodyear just has no
value anymore so certainly you shouldn't
extend it to calm because dot-com is
closer to the word store and shop and
shop but if you took good here that's
word you're killing nonprofits because
of the association problem good here the
terms of the opinion say it means
Association and that's how nonprofits
identify themselves so we have or a
coalition or Society and so you have the
amputee coalition the Christian
Coalition you have there are so many of
these associational marks that I think
Goodyear would destroy in addition to
Foods Co
or Container Store and ayah I just want
to say one thing about the government's
making fun of the Cheesecake Factory
crap house is not a little house where
crabs live they're actually dead and you
eat them
the government thought Crab House was
generic so if you go down this road of
thinking that certain words are
off-limits I just think you're creating
a real mess that's very unstable
unprincipled and unworkable and unclear
picking up on justice Kagan's line of
questioning it seems that your rule
invariably will lead to a situation
where most every dot-com business that
sells good or goods or services will be
able to obtain a trademark maybe in
other words your position leads to the
opposite kind of bright-line rule maybe
that's okay but it's that wrong and if
so when when wouldn't it I think it's
wrong
but I hear that I hear at least six of
you concerned about it so I can try to
help on this what you can do is make
clear in your opinion that a district
court if there is evidence from all
kinds of sources that the PTO uses and
all those examples I gave in the
beginning they cite all kinds of
examples proving that generic word comm
marks flunk the primary significance
test that the PTO can look past survey
evidence and so can courts if you're
really worried about a survey bias now
we had a whole brief of survey experts
saying this was a great survey so I hate
to trash our survey a lot of people
thought our survey was great it's just a
classic Teflon survey but also let me
just take you to Waffle House Waffle
House there was a fight about the survey
the the PTO said it was generic and
Waffle House came in with a survey and
they they trademarked it so I I don't
know why tom is having some sort of you
know scared scary and therefore it
should be treated differently because of
this fear that all got calm marks have
an unfair advantage become a website
it's you know the PTO has been doing
this for two decades now without a
problem
Thank You counsel miss Ross you have
three minutes for rebuttal
miss Ross three minutes for rebuttal
Thank You mr. chief justice sorry about
that um but if I could just focus on
three main points first I think
respondents rule operates from the
presumption that the Atlanta match
knocked out all prior common-law and
unless it was expressly preserved that's
the opposite of the way that we usually
think about statutory change I think
just a couple of weeks ago in Rome AG
this court nine justices looked to the
common law to determine what the Lanham
Act preserved and I think the same
should be true here that's particularly
so because in the examples that
respondent cites like the geographic
terms and descriptive terms Congress was
clear when it wanted to overturn pre
Lanham Act precedent I think on the
second point um respondent suggests that
the primary significance test didn't in
particular I think I'd hurt my friend
should suggest for the first time today
that Kellog itself did it that's
inconsistent with the position that they
take on page 22 of their brief which
acknowledges that Kellogg actually
discussed the primary significance test
to determine when a descriptives firm
would get protection under unfair
competition law so that's entirely
consistent with the view here that
generic terms are never susceptible to
trademark even with primary or even when
a showing of secondary meaning has been
made again we think that the primary
significance test coexist with prior law
which includes good year and I think
respondent points to this idea that the
PTO has been applying the primary
significance test that's true with the
Goodyear sort of guardrail it
understands that a generic term can't be
made into a trademark simply by showing
that a bunch of consumers think that
it's associated with a particular mark
or a particular branch now respondents
examples actually are respondent survey
actually prove this point there was a
lot of back-and-forth about Washington
washing machine comm versus booking.com
but I think what's really instructive
here is washing machine hum versus
supermarket 33% of respondents in
respondents survey thought that washing
machine comm was a brand name zero not a
single survey respondent thought the
supermarket had that bet characteristic
so clearly the dot-com context is doing
a ton of work on respondents view the
third point that respondent really hit
was this idea that there
wouldn't be any competitive harm from
respondents rule I think that's clearly
not correct we know that because of the
same reason that we know that booking
company shouldn't be allowed to be
trademarks we just know that when you
have that that trademark law is not
supposed to take turns off the table
that everyone needs to describe their
goods I think you know respondent focus
on certain examples like tickets calm
and Container Store I think again
respondent is misunderstanding that you
have to always look at how what those
are registered for so tickets.com for
example per ticket management services
not for tickets generally so they're
massively overstating what's going on
here I think again there might be hard
questions at the margins on some of
these whether it's something like
container or tickets is being used in
its generic sense but that's not
reflective of the dot-com or the company
that's at that first root level finally
I think if they're not going to sue a
booking common hotel booking com it's
really unclear what they want out of
this ripping off respondent referred to
is covered by unfair competition
typosquatting likewise was covered by
unfair competition and section 1125 D
which respondent pointed to presumes
that you have a pre-existing trademark
like Kodak or like Xerox or like a tough
line in the old days and someone goes
along and yes trademark Thank You
counsel the case is submitted
the Honorable Court is now adjourned
until tomorrow at ten o'clock